Create example hooks section in documentation (#1561)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/sample-modules/_index.md

---
title: Sample modules and how to's
weight: 80
---

# Sample modules and how to guides

> The PrestaShop Community made some example modules and how to guides to help you understand how to implement hooks, admin grids, manage entities... and a lot more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PrestaShop Community has made example modules and how-to guides to help you understand how to implement hooks, admin grids, manage entities... and a lot more.
```

{{% children %}} 

> ## Our example modules repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example modules repository
```

* [See all our example modules (GitHub)](https://github.com/PrestaShop/example-modules)

> This repository hosts example modules built and maintained by PrestaShop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository hosts example modules built and maintained by project members and the community.
```

> These modules demonstrate useful usecases for developers willing to customize the software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These modules demonstrate good use cases for developers willing to customize the software.
```

### Extending Symfony pages

> - [Demo Extending a Symfony Form - 1](https://github.com/PrestaShop/example-modules/tree/master/demoextendsymfonyform1) - how to insert an input inside a Symfony form

Reviewer: Consider putting the right text inside the anchor, it's better for SEO. Consider the search terms a person would use when googling for this information.
```suggestion
- [Extending a Symfony form - how to insert a field inside an existing form](https://github.com/PrestaShop/example-modules/tree/master/demoextendsymfonyform1)
```
